Clean Aviation ODE4HERA project (2024-2026): added readme and htaccess file to redirect the biblio ontology (#3940)
perma-id/w3id.org: CA-ODE4HERA/BiblioOnto/README.md

# ODE4HERA BiblioOntology
Repository created to store the redirections of the ODE4HERA bibliography ontology.

> /CA-ODE4HERA/BiblioOnto
> HTML: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.html
> RDF/XML: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.owl
> TTL: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.ttl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `/CA-ODE4HERA/BiblioOnto`

* HTML: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.html
* RDF/XML: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.owl
* TTL: https://github.com/FrancescoTorrigiani/BiblioOntology/blob/main/ode4hera_biblio_onto.ttl
```

> ODE4HERA is a Clean Aviation project (01 Jan. 2024 - 31 Dec. 2026) developing an Open Digital Environement for the development of Hybrid-Electric Regional Aircrafts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ODE4HERA is a Clean Aviation project (2024-01-01 – 2026-12-31) developing an Open Digital Environment for the development of Hybrid-Electric Regional Aircrafts.
```
